---
layout: post
title: Security
cover: c2.jpg
category: en
tags: hot en
---

> The basic system of credit

Reputation management system is introduced into FDCS network. It is implemented through reputation system, which is a secure numerical algorithm that allows the system to give their neighbors a reputation, which makes it difficult for a system to continue to give false information to the network. It is only in the past that the system has often performed well in giving correct information in order to gain a good reputation and acknowledge their data. FDCS uses localized garbage protection, which is activated when full load is reached, and only garbage accounts are affected. The increasing transaction costs of garbage accounts relate to the creation of their garbage. As a result, they can still produce garbage, but the cost increases with the garbage. At the same time, the normal accounts in the network still maintain low transaction costs.
<!--excerpt-->
> In addition sales force

The FDCS platform is designed to be the two tier solution. NCC, light purse, mobile wallet is the client or wallet layer, and NIS is the service layer. NIS not only has a full set of API, but NCC also has a web server that provides useful API. These two layers provide a secure firewall between the wallet and the trading system, and all the important information in the wallet is stored and signed.
> The basic design of the two layer

The FDCS platform is designed to be the two tier solution. NCC, light purse, mobile wallet is the client or wallet layer, and NIS is the service layer. NIS not only has a full set of API, but NCC also has a web server that provides useful API. These two layers provide a secure firewall between the wallet and the trading system, and all the important information in the wallet is stored and signed.
> Super sales points

FDCS's super dot project rewards FDCS for good performance and a stable system. To run a super point, a person's FDCS account must have at least eight million XEM, so that the system can be started and checked by conventional performance. These systems provide reliability for the operation of mobile phones, wallets and light wallets, and the handling of large amounts of data.
> The basic of portable Wallet

There are three versions of the FDCS wallet, which can run independently on local and NIS. NCC was the first wallet and equipped with the application interface. App, which already has a beta version of Android and iOS, will soon be available at the app store and Google store, as well as a new light purse.
The FDCS light purse is a fully functional purse. You can open it in your browser. It is written in the form of Java. Like all FDCS wallets, you can sign locally. As a result, you can now send XEM to any NIS in a public network using an HTML without any risk. By port 7777, each NIS provides services to the light purse, but if it links to an untrusted system point, it will recommend running an independent light purse version to protect the security. A light purse is important because it allows anyone to easily make payments via their java code to their website, which can be done in a matter of minutes. This is very meaningful because people can easily find FDCS block chaining data.
